Now throughout the course we're going to be using a number of penetration testing tools.
You can go ahead and install each of these tools manually or you can do what most paint testers do including
myself and save time and effort and use an operating system designed for hacking.
We're gonna be using an operating system called Cally Linux and it's just a flavor of linux based on
Debian and it comes in with all the programs and the applications that we need to use pre installed
and reconfigured.
This means that we can just install this operating system and then start learning our hacking.
There are two options to install Carly.
You can install it as a virtual machine inside your current operating system or you can install it as
a main machine as a main operating system throughout the course.
I'm actually going to be using it as a virtual machine because using it as a virtual machine works exactly
the same as installing it as a main machine because it will be completely isolated from your computer
because it's only going to run inside virtual box.
So if you break it or if you mess things up it's very very easy to fix.
It's very easy to go back to other snapshots other configurations and also you won't lose any functionality
by using it as a virtual machine.
That's why I always use it as a virtual machine.
And in this lecture I'm going to cover how to install it as a virtual machine inside virtual box.
Now I'm going to be doing the steps on a Mac OS X computer but these tapes are exactly the same regardless
of what operating system you use.
So if you're on Windows or on Linux you just have to download the virtual box version of your computer
and then the steps shown in this lecture are exactly the same.
After installing virtual bugs so I'm going include the download link and the resources of this lecture
and I have it already opened in here.
All you have to do is just scroll down make sure you click on the calendar next virtual box images not
on the VM where and then download the version of Kali that's compatible with your system.
So if you have a 64 bit computer download the 64 bits if if you have the 32 bits download the 32 bits.
Now one click on this will start to download for you.
If you're using Internet Explorer or Edge browser then you're going to have to right click and save
target us on Chrome and Firefox you can just click the link.
Now this is downloading for me and I'm gonna stop it because I've already downloaded so I already have
a download is in here.
And as you can see you should get a file with a dot over a extension so you have the name followed by
dot a in here.
So to install this in virtual box all you have to do is literally just double click the file and as
you can see I get a window which will allow me to import this virtual machine.
Now I'm going to keep everything the same for now and I'm just going to click on import
now that's it the virtual machine is ready to be used.
Now before I started I want to show you how to modify some of its settings.
So we're going to click on it then we're going to click on the settings in here.
Now depending on the host operating system you're using the layout of virtual box might be slightly
different but using it is exactly the same.
So make sure you follow the steps that I'm going to do right now.
And it should work on all operating systems whether you use Windows Linux or Mark or as x.
So the first thing that I'm going to do I'm going to go to system and I'm going to modify the amount
of RAM it has now dependent on how much total ram you have on your computer.
You can give this at 2 if you want but one gigabyte is enough for candy.
I usually leave it at two because I have 16 gigs of RAM but if you have less one gigabyte is enough
for it also if you come here on the processors you'll see that by default I have two processors assigned
to it.
Again I have ACP use so too is not going to cause too much pressure on my computer.
If you have less one CPA is enough for Carly.
Now we're gonna go to the network settings and we're gonna set this to use a not network
now sometimes when you set this to a not network.
You won't see a network name in here if you don't.
Please check out my link in the resources and it'll show you how to create an ad network.
For me it already has an ad network.
So I'm going to keep it on this one.
And what this setting basically does is it's going to create a virtual network where my host machine
which is my iMac OSX computer in here is going to be the router for this network and then all the virtual
machines are going to be clients connected to this network so they're gonna get Internet connection
from my host machine.
And at the same time all of my virtual machines will be connected to a virtual network.
This is very handy because my virtual machines will be able to communicate with each other.
We can use one of them to hack into the other.
We can use it to test networks attacks and much more so it'll first allow my virtual machines to have
Internet connection.
It will also allow them to communicate with each other and it'll do all of this through a virtual network.
It will not use any of your wireless adapters or any of your wireless cards.
It will create a virtual either net network.
So as far as the virtual machine is concerned they're going to think that they're connected to to a
network through a wire.
Now if you're on Virtual Box 6 and have a screen with high resolution you need to go to display and
set the scale factor to 200 percent because otherwise the virtual machines screen will be too small
but only do this if you have a screen with a high resolution.
And if you're using virtual box six otherwise keep this option the way it is.
Now we're done with this.
I'm going to click on OK and we can start this virtual machine like any other virtual machine.
We just click on it and we click on start.
Now I'm going to click inside the virtual machine and hit enter
and we are inside the virtual machine.
Now if you followed everything that I did so far started calmly and got stuck at a black screen.
So if you did not get the screen that I have right now then don't worry about that.
This is a common issue and I've included a link in the resources of this lecture that shows how to fix
this issue.
You can access the resources of this lecture or any lecture by clicking on the resources icon on the
top left of the player if you follow all of the steps shown in the link and you're still stuck at this
issue or if you're getting a different issue then please post this issue in the Q and A section and
we'll respond to you within 15 hours and help you to fix this issue.
Now it's asking us for the user name and the default user name is Root so our O T and then is asking
us for the password and the default password is the reverse of that which is t o r
and that's it.
Now I'm inside my virtual machine now since we installed this using the ready image we can just go to
view full screen and we'll be able to go in full screen and the screen will resize automatically to
the size of our screen.
Now note in here you see that I have a network icon appearing in here.
And if I click it you'll see it looks like I'm connected to a wired network.
As you can see in here it says wired connected.
So Carly thinks it's connected to a wired network because we set this machine to use and not network.
So if I open my browser in here
you'll see that I have Internet access so that's it.
That shows how to install clinics as a virtual machine.
Don't be intimidated by this new operating system.
We're going to go through the basics and we're going to use it a lot.
And it's actually going to become very easy for you to use.
Also like I said you won't lose any functionality when you install color Linux as a virtual machine
it's actually better to install it as a virtual machine because it's completely isolated from your computer
and it'll be very easy to fix if things go wrong.
Keep in mind installing this on different hardware in different computers might show you some errors
on some issues so please if you have any errors just add them in the discussions and I'll help you resolve
them.
One more thing if Carly feels too slow or laggy then please try giving it a few minutes.
Because usually when you start Carly it automatically starts checking for updates.
This uses quite a bit of resources which would slow down the whole system.
Also it goes without saying if your computer is not very powerful then you should close any unused applications
before starting Carly to free up some resources.
But as you can see and as you'll see throughout the course I'm using it with two gigs of ram to use
and it's running very very smoothly and like I said You can even get away with one gigabyte of RAM and
once sleepy you.